# CS3500: Multiple Producer-Consumer Problem

## Introduction

There are P number of producers and C number of consumers. The capacity of each producer is given by PC and capacity of each consumer is given by CC. All these values will be given as command line arguments. All the producers and consumers will have a
shared buffer which you can consider to be a stack like data structure. Whenever a producer produces an item (a number in our case), it is placed on top of the stack. And similarly, whenever a consumer wants to consume an item, it picks a number from the top of the stack. All the producers and consumers should be implemented as threads. Each producer will only produce a PC number of items and then stop producing. Each consumer will try to consume a CC number of items and then stop consuming. The program ends once all producers are done with producing a PC number of items and all consumers are done consuming a CC number of items. You can assume that (P * PC >= C * CC).

## Implementation

Each producer and consumer should be implemented as a thread. Use semaphores to synchronize between the producers and consumers. You can consider the items generated by the producers to be random numbers.

## Running Format

```bash
./multi_pc -p 4 -pc 2 -c 2 -cc 2
```

## Run the program

- First compile the program by the following command

```bash
make
```

- Then run the test cases,

```bash
make run
```

- All test cases are there in the folder tests. The format follow the format of arguments when run normally.

- You can also perform a clean operation to delete the output files and executables 

```bash
make clean
```

## Authors

- [Soham Tripathy](https://www.github.com/Archaic-Mage)